Tony Stark recalls a New Year's Eve
party in 1999 where he meets scientist
Maya Hansen the inventor of extremists
an experimental regenerative treatment
intended to allow recovery from
crippling injuries disabled scientist
Aldrich Killian offers them a place in
his company advanced idea mechanics but
stark rejects the offer humiliating
Killian years later six months after the
Battle of New York Starks experiences
during the alien invasion are giving him
panic attacks restless he has built
several dozen Iron Man suits creating
friction with his girlfriend Pepper
Potts meanwhile a string of bombings by
a terrorist known only as the Mandarin
has left intelligence agencies
bewildered by a lack of forensic
evidence Starks security chief happy
hogan is badly injured in a Mandarin
attack causing stark to issue a
televised threat to the Mandarin who
responds by destroying Starks home with
helicopter gunships Hansen who came to
warn stark survives the attack along
with Potts
stark escapes in an Iron Man suit which
is artificial intelligence Jarvis pilots
to rural Tennessee following a flight
plan from Starks investigation into the
Mandarin Starks experimental arm relax
sufficient power to return to California
and the world believes him dead teaming
with Harley a precocious ten-year-old
boy stark investigates the remains of a
local explosion bearing the hallmarks of
a Mandarin attack he discovers the
bombings were triggered by soldiers
subjected to extremists which at this
stage of development caused certain
subjects to explosively reject the
treatment after veterans started
exploding these explosions were falsely
attributed to a terrorist plot in order
to cover up extremities flaws stark
witnesses extremity and when Manor
agents brand and Savan attack him with
Harley's help stark traces the Mandarin
to Miami and infiltrates his
headquarters using improvised weapons
inside he discovers the Mandarin is
actually an English actor named Trevor
Slattery who says he is oblivious to the
actions carry out in his image my name
is Trevor Trevor Slattery what are you
what do you do you're a double right
absolutely no don't have a face octo
Killian who appropriated Hansen's
extremist research as a cure for his own
disability and expanded the program to
include injured War veterans
reveals he is the real Mandarin using
Slattery as a cover
capturing stark killian shows him pots
whom he had kidnapped being subjected to
extremity in order to gain starts aid to
fix extremities flaws and thus save pots
Killian kills Hansen when she has a
change of heart and tries to stop him
Killian has manipulated American
intelligence agencies regarding the
mandarins location luring James Rhodes
the former war machine now rebranded as
the iron patriot into a trap to steal
the armor stark escapes and reunites
with Rhodes discovering that Killian
intends to attack president Ellis aboard
Air Force One stark saves some surviving
passengers and crew but cannot stop
Killian from abducting Ellis and
destroying Air Force one they trace
Killian to an impounded damaged oil
tanker where Killian intends to kill
Ellis on live television the Vice
President will become a puppet leader
following Killians orders in exchange
for extremists to cure his young
daughter disability on the platform
Stark goes to save pots as Rhodes saves
the president dark summonses Iron Man
suits controlled remotely by Jarvis to
provide air support Rhodes secure the
president that takes him to safety while
Stark discovers Potts has survived the
extremity ocj however before he can save
her a rig collapses around them and she
falls to her apparent death stark
confronts Killian and traps in the in an
Iron Man suit that self-destruct but
fails to kill him putz
who's next rebus powers allowed her to
survive her fall intervenes and kills
Killian
[Music]
after the battle Starck orders Jarvis to
remotely destroy each iron man suit as a
sign of his devotion to Potts while the
vice president and Slattery are arrested
with Starks help Ponce's extremis
effects are stabilized and Stark undergo
surgery to remove the shrapnel embedded
near his heart he pitches his obsolete
chest arc reactor into the sea musing he
will always be Iron Man and a
present-day post-credits scene
starquakes out dr. Bruce Banner who fell
asleep listening to his story
you